---
layout: page
permalink: /privacy-policy/
title: "Privacy Policy"
---

NeuroGEARS Ltd collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. NeuroGEARS Ltd's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is solely to better understand how visitors use this website.

## Cookies

A cookie is a small text file that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. NeuroGEARS Ltd uses cookies solely to help analyze how visitors use this website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website does not contain any personally identifying information.

Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using this website.

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to help understand how visitors engage with this website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In the case of this website, IP address information is anonymized by truncating the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

NeuroGEARS Ltd uses reports compiled by Google for the sole purpose of evaluating visitor interactions and website activity. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. [Learn more](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245).
