---
layout: page
title: "Research Software Engineer"
location: London, UK
---

## Description

NeuroGEARS is a technology company bridging Neuroscience, Games, Interaction, and Robotics. We engage with top research and academic institutions worldwide to reimagine research on the neural basis of behavior using open-source tools.

Our goal is to make technology that is accessible, understandable and modifiable. We want scientists to be able to take apart their instruments, understand what they are measuring and how, and be able to quickly recombine and repurpose their technical toolkit to answer the questions they really want to ask, while trusting the quality of their data.

NeuroGEARS employs the core team behind the visual reactive programming language [Bonsai](https://bonsai-rx.org/), which now powers thousands of experiments around the world. Bonsai is at the centre of a vibrant and growing ecosystem of hardware and software projects in Neuroscience, including Open-Ephys, DeepLabCut, Miniscope, Harp, and Neurophotometrics.

## About the Role

Join a unique team of engineers working to reshape how we look at brains moving in naturalistic spaces. We are looking for an experienced, hands-on and creative research engineer to help us design and implement new approaches for storing and querying multi-scale spatio-temporal data. You will help us define and design critical system components, including data preparation, real-time processing pipelines, and exploratory data analysis and visualization, working alongside a small, fast-moving team. You will have the opportunity to work closely with neuroscientists, electrical and mechanical engineers designing large-scale data collection and interactive systems for next generation neurophysiology.

## About You:

* You are excited to work on big challenges alongside highly collaborative teams.
* You enjoy defining and discovering problems as much as solving them.
* You are excited to learn about a variety of topics, including outside your field of expertise, and communicating insights across disciplines.
* You make things work. You are passionate about defining and shaping the best designs, but equally confident in your ability to deliver solutions that work at scale.

## Requirements:

* Advanced programming experience with C#
* Strong research or industry experience in software engineering or computer science
* Experience building data processing pipelines
* Strong analytic skills working with both structured and unstructured datasets
* Be based in or willing to commute to London

## Valuable Skills:

* Prior work in neuroscience, behavior or experimental psychology
* Experience with computer vision, signal processing and real-time systems
* Prior experience in interactive data visualization
* Experience with computer graphics, virtual reality, or augmented reality
* Experience in the development of cross-platform user interfaces
* Experience with large-scale systems for data analytics (e.g. Apache Spark or Apache Flink)
* Experience with machine-learning and/or stream processing systems
* Experience with functional reactive programming
* Experience with Python/Java/Scala

## Benefits

* A competitive salary
* Company pension scheme
* A holiday allowance of 28 days per year
* Autonomy over the role and flexible working hours
* Be part of a multidisciplinary team of scientists and engineers across industry and academia, allowing for a broad range of training and development opportunities
* Visa sponsorship if applying from overseas

NeuroGEARS provides equal opportunity for all our roles to qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, colour, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.