---
layout: page
title: "Research Software Engineer, Experiments"
location: London, UK
position: open
---

## Description

NeuroGEARS is a technology company bridging Neuroscience, Games, Interaction, and Robotics. We engage with top research and academic institutions worldwide to reimagine research on the neural basis of behavior using open-source tools.

Our goal is to make technology that is accessible, understandable and modifiable. We want scientists to be able to take apart their instruments, understand how they work, and be able to quickly recombine and repurpose their technical toolkit to answer scientific questions at the edge of the unknown, while trusting the quality of their data.

NeuroGEARS employs the core team behind the visual reactive programming language [Bonsai](https://bonsai-rx.org/), which now powers thousands of experiments around the world. Bonsai is at the centre of a vibrant and growing ecosystem of hardware and software projects in Neuroscience, including Open-Ephys, DeepLabCut, Miniscope, Harp, and Neurophotometrics.

## About the Role

Join a unique team of engineers working to reshape how we look at brains moving in naturalistic spaces. We are looking for a hands-on research software engineer to help us design and maintain various components of the Bonsai reactive programming language. You will help us expand and support interoperability of Bonsai with a broad range of scientific instruments and open-source software.

You will also work with us to design and implement bespoke scientific software using Bonsai for cutting edge neuroscience experiments combining neurophysiology, computer vision, virtual reality, augmented reality, and real-time control of hardware. You will have the opportunity to work closely with neuroscientists, electrical and mechanical engineers and learn a great deal about the internals of Bonsai.

## About You:

* You are excited to work on big challenges alongside highly collaborative teams.
* You enjoy defining and discovering problems as much as solving them.
* You are passionate about giving back to the community and working on open-source tools.
* You are excited to learn about a variety of topics, including outside your field of expertise, and communicating insights across disciplines.
* You make things work. You are passionate about defining and shaping the best designs, but equally confident in your ability to deliver solutions that work at scale.

## Requirements:

* Experience in research or industry software engineering or computer science

## Valuable Skills:

* Programming experience with C#
* Prior work in experimental neuroscience, behavior or experimental psychology
* Experience with computer vision, signal processing and real-time systems
* Experience in interactive data visualization
* Experience with modern Python scientific data analysis pipelines
* Experience with computer graphics, virtual reality, or augmented reality
* Experience in the development of cross-platform user interfaces
* Experience with functional reactive programming

## Application Materials:

* Resume
* Statement of research and/or professional interests

## Benefits

* Salary range between £50,000-£70,000+, depending on experience
* Autonomy over the role and flexible working hours
* Company pension scheme
* Cycle to work scheme
* Visa sponsorship if applying from overseas
* Be part of a multidisciplinary team of scientists and engineers across industry and academia, allowing for a broad range of training and development opportunities

NeuroGEARS provides equal opportunity for all our roles to qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, colour, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.