---
layout: page
title: "Research Scientist, Outreach"
---

## Description

NeuroGEARS is a technology company bridging Neuroscience, Games, Interaction, and Robotics. We engage with top research and academic institutions worldwide to reimagine research and science outreach using open-source tools.

Our goal is to make technology accessible, understandable and modifiable. We want to help people play with, build, teach, share, and enjoy the best of science and technology. We believe that developing our own insights about how technology works will allow us to build trust and resolve fundamental questions we have as individuals and communities.

NeuroGEARS employs the core team behind [Bonsai](https://bonsai-rx.org/), an open-source visual reactive programming language which is being used to teach hands-on workshops and courses for both scientists and non-scientists. By promoting a direct visual connection between hardware, software, and data that everyone can access, understand, and use, we aim to allow anyone to create digital systems that measure and manipulate the world around us.

## About the Role

Join a team of scientists and engineers passionate about science outreach in the wild. We are looking for a research scientist with an unconventional track record in taking science out of labs and into communities, to help us design and implement unique outreach programmes in neuroscience combining storytelling, experimental labs, and open-source hardware and software. You will help us define the structure and scientific content of our outreach activities, including preparing documentation and course materials, funding proposals, raising awareness for our aims, and participating as cast and crew in the stories we will create together. You will have the opportunity to work closely with other neuroscientists, science communicators and engineers as part of a unique multidisciplinary and international team looking to transform the relationship between science and society.

## About You:

* You are excited to work on big challenges alongside highly collaborative teams.
* You enjoy defining and discovering problems as much as solving them.
* You are excited to learn about a variety of topics, including outside your field of expertise, and communicating insights across disciplines.
* You make things work. You are passionate about defining and shaping the best designs, but equally confident in your ability to deliver solutions that work at scale.

## Requirements:

* Experience teaching a broad range of subjects in various sociodemographic contexts
* Experience assessing scientific literature across multiple fields and communicating its meaning to non-experts
* A PhD in neuroscience, or related life sciences
* Be based in or willing to commute to London

## Valuable Skills:

* Prior work in experimental neuroscience and behavior or cognitive sciences
* Experience with video editing and modern digital content creation tools
* Experience with Jekyll and GitHub Pages
* Experience with Python and/or JavaScript
* Experience presenting science using unconventional media (e.g. dance, installations, comics)
* Good interpersonal skills and experience managing small and medium sized groups
* Project management and organizational skills
* Experience writing ethics applications

## Benefits

* A competitive salary
* Company pension scheme
* A holiday allowance of 28 days per year (pro rata for part-time)
* Autonomy over the role and flexible working hours
* Be part of a multidisciplinary team of scientists and engineers across industry and academia, allowing for a broad range of training and development opportunities
* Visa sponsorship if applying from overseas

NeuroGEARS provides equal opportunity for all our roles to qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, colour, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.