---
layout: page
title: "Application Software Engineer, .NET"
location: London, UK | Lisbon, PT | Remote
position: open
---

## Description

NeuroGEARS is a technology company bridging Neuroscience, Games, Interaction, and Robotics. We engage with top research and academic institutions worldwide to reimagine research on the neural basis of behavior using open-source tools.

Our goal is to make technology that is accessible, understandable and modifiable. We want scientists to be able to take apart their instruments, understand how they work, and be able to quickly recombine and repurpose their technical toolkit to answer scientific questions at the edge of the unknown, while trusting the quality of their data.

NeuroGEARS employs the core team behind the open-source visual reactive programming language [Bonsai](https://bonsai-rx.org/), which now powers thousands of experiments around the world. Bonsai is at the centre of a vibrant and growing ecosystem of open-source hardware and software projects in Neuroscience, including [Open-Ephys](https://open-ephys.org/software), [DeepLabCut](https://github.com/bonsai-rx/deeplabcut), [Miniscope](https://open-ephys.github.io/commutator-docs/coax-commutator/user-guide/automatic-control/bonsai-miniscope.html), [Harp](https://harp-tech.org/), and Neurophotometrics.

## About the Role

Our team is currently evolving and modernizing the core infrastructure of the Bonsai IDE to allow for a range of cross-platform user experiences. The current compiler is written in modern .NET C# but our editor frontend is using the legacy Windows Forms UI framework. We are looking for a talented software engineer who can help us reimagine our frontend architecture to enable rich and extensible cross-platform experiences.

Bonsai is used to power a broad range of scientific instruments requiring high-frequency real-time visualization of images,  multi-dimensional data, and 3D computer graphics. The current IDE enables the creation of front-ends that can be easily composed by scientists to operate and drive cutting edge neuroscience experiments combining neurophysiology, computer vision, virtual reality, augmented reality, and real-time control of hardware.

You will play a leading role in defining the libraries and platforms supporting the transition of our current UI while preserving the extensibility and ease-of-use of our current platform. Bonsai is developed as part of a wider open-source ecosystem and you will have opportunities to contribute and interact extensively with other open-source projects upstream and downstream. If you join us in London, as part of your daily work you will have the opportunity to work closely with neuroscientists and research engineers who are designing large-scale data collection and control systems for investigating neural activity.

## About You:

* You are excited to work on big challenges alongside highly collaborative teams.
* You enjoy defining and discovering problems as much as solving them.
* You are passionate about giving back to the community and working on open-source tools.
* You are excited to learn about a variety of topics, including outside your field of expertise, and communicating insights across disciplines.
* You make things work. You are passionate about defining and shaping the best designs, but equally confident in your ability to deliver solutions that work at scale.

## Requirements:

* Experience in research or industry software engineering or computer science
* Experience in the development of cross-platform user interfaces
* Programming experience with C#

## Valuable Skills:

* Experience with Avalonia UI, MAUI or Uno platform
* Experience with WebAssembly, Blazor, or VS Code extensions
* Experience with version control and continuous integration systems
* Experience with computer vision, signal processing and real-time systems
* Experience in interactive data visualization
* Experience with computer graphics, virtual reality, or augmented reality
* Experience with ReactiveUI or other functional reactive programming UI frameworks
* Prior work in research software development

## Application Materials:

* Resume
* Statement of research and/or professional interests
* If available, links to open-source repositories you have contributed to

## Benefits

* Salary range between £50,000-£70,000+, depending on experience
* Autonomy over the role and flexible working hours
* Company pension scheme
* Cycle to work scheme
* Visa sponsorship if applying from overseas
* Be part of a multidisciplinary team of scientists and engineers across industry and academia, allowing for a broad range of training and development opportunities

NeuroGEARS provides equal opportunity for all our roles to qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, colour, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.