---
layout: page
title: "Technical Writer, Outreach"
location: London, UK | Lisbon, PT | Remote
position: open
---

## Description

NeuroGEARS is a technology company bridging Neuroscience, Games, Interaction, and Robotics. We engage with top research and academic institutions worldwide to reimagine research on the neural basis of behavior using open-source tools.

Our goal is to make technology accessible, understandable and modifiable. We want to help people play with, build, teach, share, and enjoy the best of science and technology. We believe that developing insights on how technology works will allow everyone to build trust and resolve fundamental questions we have as individuals and communities.

NeuroGEARS employs the core team behind [Bonsai](https://bonsai-rx.org/), an open-source visual reactive programming language which is being used to teach hands-on workshops and courses for both scientists and non-scientists. By promoting a direct visual connection between hardware, software, and data that everyone can access, understand, and use, we aim to allow anyone to create digital systems that measure and manipulate the world around us.

## About the Role

We are looking for a technical writer or research scientist that can help us design and implement new outreach and training materials for the Bonsai community. We aim to cover a broad audience including not only scientists, but also artists and engineers with an interest in experimental lab activities, and open-source hardware and software. You will help us define the structure and scientific content of our outreach and education activities, including preparing documentation and course materials, tutorials and user guides in multiple media formats.

You will have the opportunity to try out new features and technologies in their prototyping phase, come up with ways to explain how they work to students and scientists all over the world, and have a visible presence and impact in our community.

You will also have the opportunity to work closely with other neuroscientists, participate in international workshops, courses and other scientific events, and engage with other science communicators and engineers as part of our unique multidisciplinary and international network looking to transform the relationship between science and society.

## About You:

* You are excited to work on big challenges alongside highly collaborative teams.
* You are naturally curious of how technology works, including outside your field of expertise.
* You have confidence explaining unusual insights in an approachable way.
* You are passionate about giving back to the community and working on open-source tools.
* You make things work. You are passionate about defining and collectively shaping the best solutions, but equally confident in your ability to take initiative and deliver content for a broad audience.

## Requirements:

* Excellent grammar and spelling in English
* Experience with creative writing, including reading and revising existing content
* Experience collecting and giving structure to scattered information
* Strong academic or industry background in science communication
* Be based in or willing to commute to London

## Valuable Skills:

* Prior work in experimental neuroscience and behavior or cognitive sciences
* Experience with version control and continuous integration systems
* Experience with video editing and modern digital content creation tools
* Experience with GitHub Pages or other static site generator frameworks
* Good interpersonal skills and experience managing small and medium sized communities
* Experience overseeing the documentation and publication process
* Experience with Python and/or JavaScript

## Benefits

* Salary range between £40,000-£60,000 depending on experience
* Autonomy over the role and flexible working hours
* Company pension scheme
* Cycle to work scheme
* Visa sponsorship if applying from overseas
* Be part of a multidisciplinary team of scientists and engineers across industry and academia, allowing for a broad range of training and development opportunities

NeuroGEARS provides equal opportunity for all our roles to qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, colour, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits.